well I'm here at the offline TV house at
the end of the year for a little bit of
a holiday special interview session with
some people and right now I'm
interviewing the dynamic duo poking
Pokemon it's Pokemon right yeah you can
also say pokey means yes if you got the
pokey part shit are you do you ever want
to just drop it down to poking yes but
it would be way too hard getting that
kind of trademarking stuff it's just
difficult because I've been informed
it's Pokemon and then everybody just
calls me pokey man yeah it's very
difficult and I'm also here with Lilly
Pichu
Lily Pichu how's it going very good I
saw it you were tweeting earlier and
disappointed that the sweater was not
pink enough isn't that what I think I
think the hair is pink it looks great
thank you yeah it's not pink though why
no it's very Brown yes very Brown it's a
good chain around okay thank you
thank you she's good get it together
don't offend me okay you're breathing
into the back of mother oh yeah no no
you have to keep it closer to talk we
had a whole session ahead of time about
tre do you want the mic again you can't
this is a common thing people will for
some reasonable you want to swap oh my
god okay so in the past I've interviewed
you guys at Lee legends events and so I
are used to silently legends crap but
now I'm going to talk to you about
everything else so what what is it like
what is it like living in the offline
house it's incredible it's like a dream
come true
hashtag n-no just kidding it's actually
really really great cuz um when I went
full time when I took a break from a
university and I went full-time and I
lived alone and streamed I don't know
with the streamer lifestyle it's really
easy to just become isolated not really
have much human interaction and that
usually leads
some good old depression but now that
I'm in a house filled with people who do
the same thing that I do it's just way
easier to connect with people you know
make sure you actually do get that human
interaction every now and then and it
just feels really nice so conversely
when you are living in an apartment by
yourself you don't have people plugging
in wireless keyboards to your computer
and using your summoner spells
I'd say ruining my ranked games but I
won that one I did really well so yeah a
little bit of a different thing how
about you Lily because you're you're
relatively newer to this house yeah I
think being around people who do the
same thing and she's super motivating
and inspires me to work a lot harder
especially from poky you know when I
when I interviewed toast back at
Blizzcon right whenever he'd moved in he
said that there was like a situation
where they were like a bug there was
like a bug in the house and then the dog
was like chasing the bug and that's your
dog right tell me yes best dog ever
it's Duke I'm calm socially popped you
yeah and there's two dogs in this house
so you're being a little derogatory
towards the second dog right but number
two owners over there and she's good
she's staring you down and here comes
the dog she's a little heavy a little a
little heavy compared to your dog which
I'm sure is the microphone it's five
pounds and 10 ounces okay and this dog
is not 525 pounds Wow so this is like
five of your dogs yes
so living the house sounds like it's
pretty fun and doesn't give you
depression I think that's the one you're
like the high point of this house is it
does it give me depressed can I be
honest though like streamers will touch
on that topic every now and then but
like a lot of your favorite streamers
will get it's like just pits of
depression because the lifestyle can
really really get you especially if your
try
Harding to do well stream every day at
the same time like it's unlikely that
you're still gonna get to interact with
your friends or family or whoever so
there's like it can be really bad on you
so yeah I feel like every person that
I've talked to even you I know you've
gone through this like if you don't take
care of yourself make sure that you try
to have a healthy lifestyle somewhere
for them support which is what this
house does exactly that's really
touching I I'll say that when I planned
on interviewing both of you I thought
that this was gonna be like a more meme
tastic silly and then it's like serious
topic it's good I'm glad you're bringing
up well also a lot of times people move
to other states so for tax reasons and
so they're kind of living on their own
so it can be pretty tough I'm sure back
you know back to the house though are
there any interesting moments that occur
here that you can talk about cuz I was
interviewing Josh and Mark before this
and they're saying you know you should
really talk to people that live here for
all the crazy stuff so there's the
McDonald's site super Saget where they
order McDonald's like every single day
there was like a chart we have a like
whiteboard P yeah on the walls and like
there were charts of different
restaurants was like McDonald's
jack-in-the-box
yeah and they would just like put a line
every time we'd order from there and it
was embarrassingly frequent okay like a
whole documentary called supersize me
about that you guys could do I'll fly TV
does the supersize me challenge we
already did a service coverage is there
other any other interesting stories just
stuff go down here or their fights
between the roommates I think a lot of
us like hang out with each other a lot
if we're bored will go to pokies
reminder and we'll go to toast room sad
samskaras room and just interact with
each other i'm just talk it's it's nice
the dogs
interesting but the best thing is like
the most frequent acts
it's happened in the bathroom you know
it's like they're halfway there you know
they have the right idea you just walk
in there's just there's poop in the
toilet yeah aside from that you know
nothing too wild which dog is committing
the most accidents I mean how much are
there how much of a menace is tell me I
think it's a fair question that he's the
best dog ever no really the only
downside to this house is that obviously
we didn't know this when we signed the
lease but the water yes in and the
windows let out I mean let through so
much sound it's incredible I live very
bad for people who stream and record
things that's like for a living I live
I'm doing one who lives on the first
floor so the upstairs shower every time
someone uses it it's like I take an
earthquake Marion I I live like my room
is right beside it it's like a torpedo
hmm actually camera coin anything at all
nope so you guys coordinate shower
schedule summer no it just comes by and
he's very like a Breaking Bad legit like
turn on the shower and then check my
stream to see if you can hear it and
then shower because this one time you
turn it on Chad just went wild with the
wutface is there like what is that sound
it's not a good time what who is the
least consider in the house if that is
considered about that like who who
drives you guys crazy I don't know
honestly we're so lucky to live with
people who are like reasonably cool I've
lived with some not actually yep good
roommates like everyone is very
respectful and this is really hard for
me we had half meeting to where we talk
about promise and how to address them
like
grown adults with responsibilities this
is this is super hard because streamers
and people are crazy so it's it's crazy
to me that you guys are just everything
is so fine with us and they're kinda
like the parents of the they just teach
us good manners you know you don't have
BM your parents so let's kind of just
bring it back to a streaming career and
all the content stuff
we'll start with pokey and then I want
to hear from Lilly what is what do you
think of your current state as like a
content creator and how happy are you
with the content and sort of where you
feeling about the stuff and then maybe
you can kind of talk about where you
want to go with it okay so when I first
like went full-time but a year and a
half ago or so I thought I'd just be
like grinding stream hours and it's sort
of started off as that but I think at
this point I'm more of just like a
content creator I supposed to a
full-time streamer so I'm really happy
to be doing content on YouTube on like
three different channels as well as like
all my social media into Twitter
everything I feel like that's actually
one of the things that helped me grow
viewership on Twitch the most was that I
wouldn't just focus on grinding stream
hours but I would just focus on getting
exposure however I could and then kind
of funnel that into twitch also I'm
really happy with how things are going
I'm excited to see you know what offline
TV does in 2018 and I guess going into
2018 I'm also I guess looking to do
different things on YouTube more like
not so much lifestyle stuff but not
strictly League highlight content you
know dive into some variety like what
like beaut beauty videos or whatever
that's very popular
I do love makeup but not there yet I'd
say more so you know just like challenge
videos different games think like
markiplier h3h3 pewdiepie how you know
they're not focused on one game but
they're still known like as gamers in
general on youtube do the investigative
stuff that h3h3 does like I want pokies
deep dive you want me to expose I would
you expose right now people cash me in
I can't say right now okay this is my
teaser if you were to expose anyone in
the house who would you expose the dogs
got really quiet over there as they were
all essentially you guys are so
diplomatic
it's crazy okay all right and then Lily
I've been in particular very very
impressed because you this year just
like I mean I know you had a following
for a very long time but you have very
much blown up and this year from what I
feel like did you not feel that way when
I mean did you like I looked recently
you had over a million subs on YouTube
when did you hit that oh it is moment
viral that's right but still that's
really good I mean I said that na Nana
celebrate' you are 12 times my size on
YouTube which and you've been doing more
stuff there for a long time but I look
at Lily and I'm like that's the target
I'm gonna take down I'm like I'm just
gonna destroy your channel take all her
subs yeah I'm gonna start drawing little
cute thumbnails for all of my videos and
start talking about it why are your
thumbnails I have to escape me okay yeah
I will thank you I feel like but I you
know I put out like a video a day
basically right yes I think I think I
think over the course of 90 days I put
out like a hundred videos
well it's cuz you churn interviews you
know you go to an event and you do like
five interviews in a day and you're like
half the time the other half the time
Britain does it the nice thing is they
don't need any fetes I just fit in
transaction he's not looking for work
but he doesn't do YouTube makes like art
films and stuff like hey this is not
this is he just does this for fun he's
not like a YouTube guy he's never zoomed
in dramatically on a webcam window and
then made it shake a little bit okay
yeah he's not looking for Lily though
talk to you about this year you've
gotten you've really blown up you're
doing all this stuff you disagree with
this I don't know why I think it's
gotten better for sure yeah cuz like an
earlier the zeroes in like a really
really like difficult position and then
I miss the offline TV house where you
know they were like yeah we're doing
this channel with the house like you're
in you know SCARA likes to you and I'm
like whatever I don't know what else to
do right yeah and then as I'm living
here I was like just like I said it was
really motivating for me because like
everyone around me they're just all
successful all big streamers they all
work really hard for what they do and
it's like I want to be like that dis it
inspired me to streamline and you're
doing like the big piano stuff - what
pianos you're always I see you playing
piano oh there's a video where you were
on stage at the LCS studio playing piano
[Music]
video yeah I'll bet those like music
videos and hand fix yes well I mean I
see alright when you when you and I have
known each other for a while I did not
even know you had this big piano thing
in your background and then suddenly
you've been bringing it out more oh yeah
I want to do more music and art and like
pokey like I don't want to just stick to
games I've
I wanted to do that I think it's a point
depends how you're the way you see that
I've never wanted to do to become not
good at video games to begin with so I'd
rather play to me steam yeah I'm not
good at video games I mostly just talk
to dinners yeah reached I'm in yet
it's okay get it together people okay so
what yeah what is what is the future of
all this stuff like where do you see
yourself getting doing not just the game
stuff but yeah I want to stay with
offline TV why not like I love where
this channel is going like it's super
fun living with people I don't want to
end any time soon that's for my channel
okay more thumbnails and stuff yeah we
keep thumbnails and I'm excited that
every one of my videos next year is
gonna have a lily Pichu artwork actually
seriously scape me I'll make you
something else
I love making thumbnails you're so fun
okay can you make a thumbnail for this
one
yeah if you ever ask me I would did yeah
I don't know the problem is it's like
what I've been studying offline TV yeah
I noticed a direct correlation to pokey
having a weird face in the thumbnail and
then a lot of we use her we even like
she's not even in this video this is
just scarred yeah used her face go
stream like you'll see like honestly
it's just because like I'm really bad at
hiding how I feel
it just shows way too much I could never
play poker I just be so bad yeah I've
seen it play them off yeah it's not that
I'm mad off your video cuz he said a lot
I don't know why I like it so much
because I suck at it cuz again can't lie
for shit she likes me once then you'll
see next video well not next video some
video yeah
is there anything that you guys want to
say to any of the fans out there thank
you guys so much for watching our stuff
like every day I feel so lucky to do
what I can do and live with this
beautiful girl actually
really really grateful because like who
would have thought that we'd be able to
do things like this have fun and just
live off of literally entertaining
others and making you guys happy it's
like a dream come true there's a lot of
people on my channel that never watch
any of your content would you say
anything to them I wouldn't watch my own
content too I would watch Lily's content
watch pokies content
Oriana plays you'll see I mean check it
out it could be your cup of tea it could
not anyway you should check out offline
TV's comes yes I highly recommend if you
don't check us out check out offline TV
because I feel like everybody can relate
to someone that's in the house or a part
of the group I know no one's relatable
this is crazy
he's like well I mean who should I
relate to in the house check out the
rest of my coverage of all things video
game YouTube superstars right here on my
youtube channel
toast ask me whenever I said that other
thing about double life charge me $5,000
for an interview if that was real no it
was an obvious joke he charters me
$10,000 an interview please please help
me out
Travis CARICOM / support